gh-135511 Fixed `NameError` and `AttributeError` lack of the message in IDLE (#135526)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/IDLE/2025-06-15-09-50-19.gh-issue-135511.2C5EX-.rst

> Fixed `NameError` and `AttributeError` lack of the message in IDLE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix display of :exc:`NameError` and :exc:`AttributeError` with multi-line message.
```
'IDLE' is redundant as blurbs are put in groups according to the url.
